README.md: remove a dead link to chat.opencontainers.org (#422)
opencontainers/distribution-spec: README.md

OCI discussion happens in the following chat rooms, which are all bridged together:

<!-- https://chat.opencontainers.org is currently down: https://github.com/opencontainers/.github/issues/39 -->

> - #general channel on [OCI Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/opencontainers/shared_invite/zt-vzxfzkkl-CbsYY9zwMhSTkXlvvhmBVA)

Reviewer: https://communityinviter.com/apps/opencontainers/join-the-oci-community
```suggestion
- #general channel on [OCI Slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/opencontainers/join-the-oci-community)
```
or maybe https://opencontainers.org/community/overview/#chat

Author: Thanks, added https://opencontainers.org/community/overview/#chat
